Welcome to the Cyberian Wilderness Blog!
Here you can find the ramblings of a former teacher now Cybersecurity newbie trying to make sense of the wild world of the internet! 
Before you think to yourself  “another Blog” – aren’t there loads of these already ?! Stick around – you might just be intrigued by what is to come!
Ever toyed with making a career change? 
Perhaps you have thought about returning to study as a mature student?
Maybe you are a self-diagnosed amateur when it comes to the digital realm, but would like to learn more? 
A teacher contemplating life in a different industry?

First of all, why the name you may ponder?
As a lover of puns, and soviet history – the chance to have a play on the term ‘Siberian Wilderness’ was too good to pass up! Making a career change approaching 30 can seem daunting and the world of Cyber can certainly feel like exploring a vast wilderness when starting of a novice!
I’d love to say the naming process was an efficient one and 
As I try to make sense of this whole new sector, I plan to find some findings about share my findings 
The struggles of shifting from one profession to another, and no this change was not inspired by the UK Government’s appeal (remember this classic?)
Life as a (slightly more) mature student!
 
In a week where WhatsApp, Facebook and Twitch have all suffered security breaches 
 
Hopefully some the above topics are of interest!
Hopefully a nugget of information on this blog may be of use to you!

Any questions/suggestions/subjects you want me to cover

So what will there be going forward?

I will keep my blogs organised in topics (the teacher in me will never stop organising!). There might be general updates about student life, discussing issues that arise in the Cybersecurity world, sharing some of the knowledge I have gained through my degree so far, trying to break down concepts in the industry into Lehman’s terms and answering questions that any of you wonderful readers have.
Suggestions and/or subjects you wish me to cover on this blog are hugely appreciated and welcomed! As we are told, almost ad nauseum, there is no such thing as a daft question (even better – I’ll keep you anonymous so no one will know you even asked the question in the first place!) so 
